---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-02-17T19:25:24.659Z'
dateModified: '2016-02-17T19:25:24.406Z'
title: ''
author: []
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
sourcePath: _posts/2016-02-17-33684683-0d0b-4918-b498-8df34303bd66.md
published: true
url: 33684683-0d0b-4918-b498-8df34303bd66/index.html
_type: Article

---
See what great services you can get for your business all for just $50 per month...

OUR SERVICES

View a gallery of custom designed websites from our satisfied customers...

SAMPLE WEBSITES

You're just a phone call away from having a brand new website!

Call us today...

CONTACT US

Finally, an affordable, full-service website design company.

You need a website to bring in new customers, promote your services, and share your best offers, and we can help.

Don't overpay, let Website For $50 build yours with no hidden fees, no fine print, and no catch...

Welcome to Website For $50!

We
spoke to dozens of local small business owners to find out exactly what
they were looking for in a website design company. What we found out 
was exactly what we expected: top quality products at affordable prices,
and great customer service.

Website
For $50 is a new breed of website design firm. Unlike those other guys,
we don't charge any set-up fees. All you ever pay is a low monthly 
maintanance fee of $50, which includes hosting and unlimited updates to 
your website. But don't let the price fool you, we'll design a 
beautiful, modern website for your business and you'll always receive 
fantastic customer service and direct communication with your personal 
designer.

You
need a website to bring in new customers, promote your services, and 
share your best offers, and we can help! No hidden fees, no fine print, 
and no catch!

Your very own website, just $50 per month!

David Dominik

Founder, Website For $50

For just $50 per month, you get all of these services for your website. Call us today at (855) WEB-5050!

Domain
name and domain hosting is 100% included in the price of your website. 
Just tell us what you want to name your website, and if its available, 
we'll get it for you!

You'll get your own personalized email address, with your domain extension, just like ours at Info@WebsiteFor50.com!

Every
customer is assigned a personal website designer to build your website 
from scratch and make updates anytime! Just call or email to connect 
with your designer.

Website
for $50 gives you full content pages complete with photo galleries, 
contact forms, and maps. Our professional copy writers will make your 
business stand out! View our samples for our latest work!